I'm going to show you how to make gnomes
on the hob very easy almost do what make
yesterday and that's see it's quite thin
or just can't fit in here there's no
grease in there at all it's just a hot
pan just like that and if you watch for
a couple of minutes you'll see the tub
as the bottom of it heats up bubbles
will appear on the top just like when
you go to a tenon or a restaurant and
they bring out the knowledge there's all
the bubbles on top I've actually found
that doing it this way is better than
doing it in the oven now it's obviously
better in a tandoor but if you see if
you get closer in there now see there's
bubbles starting to appear and that
means that it is cooking on the
underside the bubbles will get quite
large
just a little ones at first that means
it is starting to cook on the bottom
side yet well it takes about three
minutes per naan and then once they're
cooked you just a butter the top of it
put it in the oven now in a low oven
under a towel of some sort and it will
keep warm
it's either getting quite large now just
like at the restaurants getting nice
bubbles on the top okay
now how's the bubble start getting
bigger check the underside again see it
doesn't stick no there's no need for any
grease at all on this didn't stick at
all and they're getting quite nice and
big a lot of times I do turn it over
just to cook the other side just for a
little bit
that gives it some black spots or some
brown spots on the other side and this
is absolutely gorgeous really nice way
to cook it
we've done any work done while you're
camping it can be done just for an easy
lunch
I said how'd you make this up the day
ahead of time so I thought whenever I
want it I do use fresh yeast my recipe
is actually on my blog I do use fresh
peas because I do see that works a
little bit better than the packaged
stuff and fresh yeast is easy to come by
these days just go ask Annie Baker major
Knox
grocery stores got yourself an on that
is alright so that's it there you go
just like up I see your hand in there
somebody's mom here genuine try some
labor is quite nice